The Problems we heard ...

“I’m at the very beginning or early stages of the startup process and need guidance and support, please and thank you.”
“I’m searching for a like-minded community & even teammates to build a for-purpose business with ” :)
“Trying to find purpose-aligned work as a freelancer/free-agent, without the ‘outsider’ treatment” :(
“Corporate does not work for me, but that’s all the opportunities I’m getting!”
“I want to support, join or consult a learning, growth-oriented organization.”
“I want to start or join something, however time, financial risk (and/or family commitments) are a concern.”

The Solutions we’re proposing... 

A 5-week funded immersion to create +3x for-Purpose Enterprises. Within the following 10 dynamics...

Within a network of talented people/entrepreneurs all building for-Purpose Enterprises.
Where each member of the network invests in the network first, and then in each business second as they see fit with their time + talents. 
With a clear differentiation between each member's personal purpose and the purpose of each business so no member can use a business for personal greed.
Maintain each business through a distributed management and control system so switching costs between businesses is low. 
Each business uses Purpose as its North Star. 
Care and concern between members of the network is more important than any one of the businesses, no matter how valuable one or more businesses become. 
Incentivize and create financial instruments for high velocity exchange of assets and resources between the businesses. 
Embed deliberately developmental learning practice within each business and through the entire network so people can grow to their potential through their work. 
Make sure each business builds its own unique culture independent but connected to the network. 
Legally ground these solutions in the bylaws of each business. 

The Investment we’re inviting you to make: Each Member must Invest Time, Talent and Cash. 

Each member invests 20% of their time for 5 weeks. 
Each member invests $1000 of cash in the network.
Each members decides how they will distribute the $1000 of cash by the end of the immersion.
Each member receives equity in at least one business for the time and cash they invest.

The Return on Investment we’re looking to provide to you: Each Member will Receive Dynamic Equity for their Cash, Time, and Talent evaluated at the time of the Equity Split Date for the business(s) they hold dynamic equity within. 

Dynamic Equity is financial instrument used to compensate early stage entrepreneurs and contributors before a business has become profitable. 

The Equity Split Date is when the dynamic equity becomes fixed equity which is triggered based upon an external valuation, an exit or sale of the business or because the business has de-risks it major assumptions. 

The Broader Context we are observing and trying to deal with:  Work in the 21century is being reorganized

Footnotes on work in the 21st century being reoganized:

1: Key Shifts in the Reorganization of Work: 
The distribution of work and decentralization of management control.
The disintermediation of technical and cultural problems and solution.
Inclusion of difference and coordination of varying types of human motivation at scale.
Constructivist approaches to labor reconstructing behavioral and humanistic management styles. 
The differentiation of operational governance from performance based management.
The differentiation of operational governance from assets and ownership. 
Greater ownership of data and controlled usage of data within trust networks. 
The proliferation of digital currencies and high velocity p2p exchange.

2: As work in the 21st century is becoming increasingly performed through digital infrastructures 
(think Slack, GitHub, Google Suit, Trello) the organization of work follows a similar pattern. 
However, what defines an organization’s basic legal, financial and social infrastructures were built 
for other conditions like control, efficiency and long-term planning. This conflict leave workers and 
the 99% in conflict with the elites and ownership class. On the flip side of these conditions, most of 
the world is seconds away from the entirety of the internet. The ease of plugging into the www has 
created unprecedented opportunities to actualize one's skills and abilities through a cadre of mediums 
(Twitter, Facebook, Medium, Upwork, Handy, Uber, Airbnb). Supply and demand platforms allow for not only 
our digital identities to become superhuman but also they allow for the monetization of the basic 
building blocks of our human social reality (time, skill, culture, money, transportation, shelter). 
The darkside of these self-actualizing mediums is workers and users are using themselves out of the 
platforms. The long-term play of many of these platforms is to extract and harvest user data to replace
the irrational and thus inefficient human elements of these systems. The long-term control, efficiency, 
and extraction comes through the use of these platforms. Human interactions are actually the scaffolding 
for these platforms, not their building blocks. Once their towers have been erected in Silicon Valley 
their scaffolding can fall away and the human dependencies these systems have created can be pressed for
greater returns to shareholders. Unfortunately, the success of these platforms may become what produces
their very demise. Workers now have unprecedented opportunities to use the very mediums themselves to 
take back their work . The colossal opportunity right before our eyes is to use these very platforms to 
mobilize a new economy (see resonate.is, buytwitter.org, fairbnb.coop). In order to do this workers must 
make an inward turn to realize their personal purpose through work and unite that with the development 
of new businesses. That is what we committed to, to a create for-Purpose Enterprises with you. 
